[refactor] Run Trainers in separate threads (#3690)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Training-SAC.md

Typical Range: `1` - `5`

### Steps Per Update

> `steps_per_update` corresponds to the number agent steps (actions) taken for each mini-batch sampled and used during training. In SAC, a single "update" corresponds to grabbing a batch of size `batch_size` from the experience

Reviewer: number of agent steps

replay buffer, and using this mini batch to update the models. Typically, this should be greater than 1.
However, to imitate the training procedure in certain papers (e.g.
[Kostrikov et. al](http://arxiv.org/abs/1809.02925), [Blondé et. al](http://arxiv.org/abs/1809.02064)),
we may want to update N times with different mini batches before grabbing additional samples.
We can change `steps_per_update` to lower than 1 to accomplish this.

> Typical Range: `10` - `20`

Reviewer: What's the reasoning behind this range?  It's not atypical to perform an update on every step of an agent.  Granted, that doesn't scale if there are ten agents and every single one takes a step per timestep in which case the minimum is 10.  Maybe this should be written as a function of the number of agents/envs?

Author: This was to keep in-line with our previous SAC behavior, which was one update per env step (~10 agent steps). From empirical trials I haven't noticed much of a sample efficiency improvement pushing this down to 1 - in fact it caused a huge wallclock time degradation. This was even with Snoopy Pop, the slowest env we have. 

This number should be independent of # of agents/envs unlike `num_updates`. Maybe we should lower the range to `1-20`?

Typical Range: `1` - `5`

### Steps Per Update

`steps_per_update` corresponds to the number of agent steps (actions) taken for each mini-batch sampled and used during training. In SAC, a single "update" corresponds to grabbing a batch of size `batch_size` from the experience
replay buffer, and using this mini batch to update the models. Typically, this should be greater
than 1. Note that setting `steps_per_update` lower will improve sample efficiency (reduce the number of steps required to train)

> but increase the CPU time spent performaing updates. For most environments where steps are fairly fast (e.g. our example

Reviewer: performaing -> performing

> but increase the CPU time spent performaing updates. For most environments where steps are fairly fast (e.g. our example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but increase the CPU time spent performing updates. For most environments where steps are fairly fast (e.g. our example
```

> environments) `steps_per_update` equals the number of agents in the scene is a good balance. For slow environments (steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environments) `steps_per_update` equal to the number of agents in the scene is a good balance. For slow environments (steps
```
